[Term Entry] Python math-module math.asin() (#5087)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/math-module/terms/math-asin/math-asin.md

---

> Title: 'math-asin()'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: '.asin()'
```

> Description: 'Returns the arcsine or angle measured in radians between -pi/2 and pi/2 of input values ranging between -1 and 1.'

Reviewer 2: ``` suggestion
Description: 'Returns the arcsine(inverse sine) which is the angle measured in radians between -pi/2 and pi/2 of input values ranging between -1 and 1.'
```
Just did some small text adjustments to make the text look better.

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Math'
  - 'Modules'
  - 'Trigonometry'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Arguments'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> Returns the **arcsine** or angle measured in radians of input values ranging between -1 and 1.

Reviewer: Write a longer description of 1-2 lines.

## Syntax

> ```py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```
The syntax is wrapped inside the pseudo block.

math.asin(x)
```

> 

Reviewer: Explain the parameter `x` here in one line.

## Example 1

> Use `math.asin()` to return arcsine of `1`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, the `math.asin()` function is used to return the arcsine of `1`:
```

```py
import math

print(math.asin(1))
```

The above code gives the following output measured in radians:

```shell
1.5707963267948966
```

## Example 2

> Use `math.asin()` to return arcsine of `-0.5`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following code block, the `math.asin()` is used to return the arcsine of `-0.5`:
```
